hey whats up youtube lugoff all here
today with the exclusive video here and
yes i want to say we did it this channel
has hit 5000 subscribers thank you all
so much for your support with this
channel and joining me on epic
adventures countless battles and as
promised i have for you since you know
we've hit 5000 subscribers i made this
promise that whoever did hit it that
that benchmark that milestone i would
share it with you all the grand story
behind my name a blue golf ball now
years of watching this video a lot of
you guys are gonna be very disappointed
at the end of the video and that's a
warning and so you've been warned okay
so what's this story well the name of
the story actually came from a friend i
heard the story my friend told me the
story back when I was in fourth grade
the story was of you know it's fictional
of course and it's supposed to be
intended to be a joke alright so what's
the story you're asking well here I'll
tell you there once was a father and a
son the young lad was going to start
first grade and his father approached
him and gave him this challenge he says
son let me try that again son if you get
all A's in your class in this school
year I will give you anything you want
and the boy accepted the challenge and
went to complete it and by the end of
his first grade year at school year the
Sun finished with all a's being an
excellent father and keeping his promise
he told his son great job son you got
all a's as promised i will give you
anything you want and the son replied
dad can i have a blue golf ball please
and the dad was puzzled but didn't
question it at first and went along to
purchase this on a blue golf ball now as
you can guess it's this boy second grade
year and approached and it came in the
ER and again his father challenged him
to get all
pays for all his courses throughout the
school year and again the Sun accepted
the challenge of course by the end of
the year he completed the challenge with
all a's passing with flying colors and
his dad you know not exactly impressed
since it's only second grade but wanted
to still you know kind of set good
habits and a good standard and being
consistent and being a man of his word
and so he approaches son once again and
congratulated the boy on another
successful year and he said to the sun
as promised he said i will give you
anything you want the boy replies a blue
golf ball and the dad couldn't confused
again you know kind of plays long and
purchases a blue golf ball for his son
and it kind of shrugs it off like oh
it's just a second grade boy what you
know he's probably just wants a blue
korfball i don't know and so you guessed
it the third year came along and as was
coming by the father challenged the Sun
again to get all A's and all his courses
throughout his school year and again the
Sun accepted the challenge forced by the
end the year once again he completed the
challenge with all A's and flying colors
and the data you know now kind of saying
okay well he did it I'm gonna support my
son and I'm going to congratulate him
excited for him for getting all A's
three years in a role and so he goes to
the Sun he says son remember I gave you
that challenge and I told you that if
you get all A's I'll give you anything
you want and the son says yes dad I'd
like a blue golf ball and the dad
confused once again says okay son you
can get anyone you sure you want a blue
golf ball and the boy says yes dan I
want a blue golf ball and so the dad it
goes out and purchases the his son a
wonderful nice-looking blue golf ball so
his fourth grade year happened and you
know I don't want to tear you guys down
with this repetition but again the dad
challenges his son and says hey boy son
if you get all A's in your fourth grade
class this year I'll give you anything
you want in the Sun says okay dad I'll
take this challenge and so after the end
of the school year the dad purchases
Sciences sudden you got all A's in your
class you can have anything you want
again and the boy says dad can I have a
blue golf ball and again the dad
confused says ok so now get you a blue
golf ball and so he purchases a blue
golf ball for a son for his fourth year
in school now again this happens all the
way through college and this the Sun now
as a young adult graduates college and
again every year his fourth grade year
his fifth grade year sixth grade year
seventh grade year eighth grade year
ninth grade year tenth grade year
eleventh his junior year his senior year
in high school his freshman year in
college sophomore year in college junior
year in college and then his senior year
in college he graduates all every single
year he gets straight A's use the
culmination the the pinnacle of a
straight-a student is you can get of
course you know there's those that
graduate with like a 4.5 GPA because
they get extra credit but anyways so the
data you're in the new route challenges
the Sun and says son if you get a
straight A this year X this X year or
whatever junior year freshman year and
you know eighth grade year I'll get you
anything you want and at the end of
every school year the boy asks for a
blue golf ball and finally once the son
graduated college the dad scratches his
head and stinking all these years you
could have gotten anything you wanted I
always wanted a blue golf ball but the
dad never questioned it just thought
well this is what he wants you he's a
smart kid and he knows what he wants
with these blue golf balls and he's got
a plan with these blue golf balls then
what happened was um one day the Sun
went on a skiing trip with his friends
and you know he's dumb school he's got a
job and he's out skiing and he gets into
this brutal accident just terrible
horrible accident
and what happened is you know the son is
in the hospital he's in the hospital bed
and the dad comes to a tattoo to the to
the Sun and he asks his son son what
happened are you okay and it son says no
dad I'm not the doctor says I don't have
much left and the dad is now extremely
downcast extremely saddened by the news
and the dad says his son son could you
accept the very least son can you
explain to me why you wanted all those
blue golf balls all these years this one
look at his dad and he says this dead I
wanted them for one of them for four and
then he dies